[111017]

  The length of the wheelbase is w.  The angle of the (front) steering
  wheels is theta.  The turn radius, r, measured from the turn center to the
  steering wheels is r = w/sin(theta).  These wheels will follow this (outer)
  circle for an angle of arc given by v*t/(2*pi*r).  The radius of the inner
  circle that the rear wheels follow is rr = r*cos(theta) and they'll follow
  the same angle, of course.

[111002]

  Keeping things simple: if the control sample rate is a harmonic of the
  display refresh rate, then: the timer triggers the sample of the controls
  and a model recalculation update followed possibly by a display refresh if
  called for.

  This means that the code to sample the joystick, plus the code to update
  the screen can be compartmentalized.

  A minimum version would just display the state of the controls on the
  screen, plus draw the truck.

[110929]

  Use the joystick twist to steer the wheels.

  The trigger engages power.

  The thumb button controls the transmission:
  Gears are:
    R3	-5 kmh
    R2	-2 kmh
    R1	-1 kmh
    NP	neutral/park
    1	5 kmh
    2	10
    3	15
    4	20
    5	30
    6	40
    7	50
    8	60
    9	70
    10	80
    11	90
    12	100 kmh

  The gear shift button increases the gear selection when the throttle is
  engaged and decreases it when the throttle is disengaged.

  The truck accelerates to and holds target speed when the throttle is
  engaged.

  The truck coasts down in speed toward zero while the throttle is
  disengaged.  But brakes are used while the speed is higher than the target
  speed.  Changing down gears increases the level of braking.

  If you coast down to a slower speed and then downshift, gears will be
  jumped down to that appropriate for the current speed.

  Indicators show speed, the current gear, (N in neutral while still moving
  and P when parked), and whether Brakes are being applied.

  Provisional:
  When the speed is zero, the truck is positioned in the middle of the
  screen.  As the speed increases in either direction, the truck moves
  proportionately to the edge furthest from the direction of motion.  This,
  in order to give the greatest view of what is approaching.  Or else, just
  zoom out as the speed increases.  Hmmm, might lose the sense of motion,
  though, which might be important while reversing.
